Went back to town, stayed at the Empty Gnat - rundown inn run by Creb Shenker (They/Them). Best NPC name of '24. Found a new friend/companion/party member Olive Odindale. Willow finally met another Tabaxi! Armor from tomb not magical. Gem is conjuration. Armor has a a red sigil of a rose spiral on it, with a silver trim. Saltmarsh is run by 5 council members: Eliander Fireborn, the camptaign of the town guard, a traditionalist. Eda Oweland, the most influential and richest memeber of the council, defacto leader, a traditionalist. Gellan Primewater, second in command, Traditionalist. Monestrad Copperlocks, mining operation leader, loyalist. Anders Soulmar, Loyalist, noble from Keoland, has huge fleet of boats. Well liked. Traditionalists have power majority. Saltmarsh - has tow major political parties, the traditionalists and loyalists. Loyalists are looyal to the king of Keoland, King Bertos Scotti. Includes the town guard, dwarves, and outsiders. Traditionalists are mostly humans, who want to keep the town a quaint fishing village. Can be racist towards nonhumans, and is generally afraid/unused to magic. Citizens seem quite offput by it, like they dont understand it. Talked to Caladek; who has been spying on us this entire time. He knows pretty much everything we went through. Gem is a water elemental stone. Sold for air bubble in 1 week + information. The scarlet brotherhood is an ancient secret society/bloodline trying to usurp power. Very powerful, very rich, and is within saltmarsh, atleast 2. Trust nobody. Tomb was a few hundred years old, prince of the thorne. Dont talk about Caladek, or anything about this outside of his tower. Trust nobody. Pirate being executied outside townhall, R.I.P. Jack sparrow in shambles. Guard 1 of bldg scared of magic - points to feelings of town. Wants to help sister, needs level 7 spell cast of restoration. Sucks to be that guy. Building was made from cliff stone, very fancy. Talked to Eda, and recieved reward. Will be gievn 20g for heads of bandits/other monsters, and 200g for infiltrating and securing the Alchemists house. Haunted houes out of town. Rumored to be the home of a former alchemist who can turn iron(?) into gold. Not sure why specifically iron, maybe a budget philo stone?? Going into house, rundown, nearly bit by weasels. Trap door to basement; had magic mouth w/ trigger. They know we are here.